https://www.themoviedb.org/settings/api
https://github.com/msairohit/friendLens/actions/workflows/supabase-keep-alive.yml
https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/nglruuzhsiqazdkqglih

test1@gmail.com
Password1

test2@gmail.com
Password1

TMDb API Reference fields and sample responses have been saved to tmdb_api_reference.md!
filters in network tab
(done)need to add gitlab actions like we did for shopgrid app to keep this project active in supabase.
Add proper readme file (other way to use this app is to act as what to watch next as well based on friends.)
(done) In add review page, show the image properly in some big size after selecting from tmdb.
(done)ability to view friends.
(done)ability to send friend requests based on id and from contacts as well.
(done)show requested if not yet approved when trying to request again.
send notification inapp and system when someone sends friend request and sender gets notified as well when they accept or reject.
(done)in profile page the friends count is not updated but in connections page it is updated.
(done)search tmdb only when its under movies or tvshows. to reduce the api calls.
(not priority)Upon clicking any review, can open review detail page with maximized details like links, or extra details and big image etc.
what is the logic when one movie has reviews from others which are not his friends then we will not show the reviews right? but if yes then but we also have public sharing right, those should be visible and the users can have option to toggle to see within network(then they can see only friends reviews ) but when they toggle for global then they can see others who shared publicly so that this app also works as general rating app as well. 
We can add a toggle switch or segment control (e.g., "My Network" vs. "Global") on the feed and item detail pages to let the user switch between these views. Let me know if you would like me to help implement this toggle/global view functionality next!



npx expo prebuild (to generate the native android and ios code. not eject, still can use expo related stuff but can be used to build the apps locally.)
npx expo run:android --variant debug (connect the mobile to laptop and run this cmd to build the app, generate the apk and install to the mobile with hot reload, connceted to dev server.)
npx expo run:android --variant release (same as above but does not connect to metro and hence no need to run the server and no hot reloading.)
expo start -d (if we just want to run the app on mobile. if not installed any new packages then this cmd is enough no need for above cmd.) 
npx expo start -c